Followers Reports Privacy Policy 

INTRODUCTION 

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Instagram login, Instagram password. The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. Instagram login, Instagram password save locally on device and not transmitted to third parties. Instagram login, Instagram password use only for login to Instagram, get information about profile and following to user. You also agree with Instagram Privacy Policy.  

We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. 

We never share your Instagram password with any third party or store it in any of our servers. All this information is stored locally on your android device and is deleted permanently as soon as you log out or uninstall the app.  


USE OF YOUR INFORMATION 

In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to help you efficiently access your information after you sign in, remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your 

Device Information 

As is true of most apps, we automatically gather information about your device such as the type and operating system. 

We take this information from you for research and analysis.

TRACKING and ADS

We reserve the right to partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our App or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner would use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Apps to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests 

SECURITY OF INFORMATION 

We never share your password with any third party or store it in any of our servers. All this information is stored locally on your android device and is deleted permanently as soon as you log out or uninstall the app. 

Since the information is stored on your local mobile phone’s storage, it is your responsibility to keep it safe. 

CONTACT US

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at followersreports@gmail.com


CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY  

We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. 

  

 
